When faced with Madam's orders, everyone in the Gao family acted like a thief.
Outside the Zhendao master's command, Gao's soldiers were put down.
If so,
Remember what Keche said. The Gao family is full of precious daughters.
One is the sky of Dragon City.
Just be there. Don't open it first.
It can only be all there.
Weiguai got up.
The Gao family is full of precious daughters.
One is the sky of Dragon City.
Just be there. Don't open it first.
It can only be all there. Weiguai got up.
The Gao family is full of precious daughters.
One is the sky of Dragon City. Just be there. Don't open it first. It can only be all there. The Gao family is full of precious daughters.
One is the sky of Dragon City.
And their dragon son’s heaven
As soon as Long Zi left
You are the one who takes me
I kill you
You really didn’t let go
You talk first
I like you